hey everybody welcome back sir on the
line please the binding of issac ax let
us go um you know what give me a lot run
how many means can you pack into the
start of this video mostly my laser n
k99
that's him right there Wayne Gretzky
named kritski the great one number 99 be
ah be one aah with a little Club you see
a little bit of Monica in my life a
little bit of sandra by my side
sorry Tyrone
I don't play your game okay you might
also be asking the question why in the
world does gamma go from 120 to 150
instead of a reasonable like zero to 100
I can only assume that because the game
is made by people in America they assume
they have to create a system even more
ridiculously arbitrary than Fahrenheit
in order represented of course gamma
goes to 120 to 150 it's just logical how
else would you know obviously 120 gamma
is too low and 149 is getting the high
hat I don't know where I'm going with
this I'm not going to rehash the Celsius
versus Fahrenheit vs. Kelvin argument
because there is I mean Celsius is also
arbitrary it's just less arbitrary and
more logically argue arbitrary if that
makes sense I do I appreciate I guess I
am going to rehash this argument often
actually makes a good point sometimes we
argue about this which is that in
Celsius the difference between a whole
number to another whole number is
greater
whereas in Fahrenheit there's almost
like a built-in decimal point as
ridiculous as that might sound you know
what I mean like in Fahrenheit it can be
101 degrees to 105 degrees you know in
Celsius that would all be contained
within like 27 or something like that so
it does have a little bit more
delineation but then I start to you know
be angry at society more because I
really think temperatures first off
probably a couple of degrees difference
doesn't matter
on the Fahrenheit scale and secondly you
can always just use a self-sealing
Celsius decimal point but decimal points
are getting better but some extent
decimal points are you know scary to
this general audiences out there instead
of using decimal points we could just
write it in scientific notation
you know it's 2.7 times 10 to the 1
degrees outside today not a good idea
don't do that yo can you just I don't
know if there's any another is amines
which they end their own life do so I'm
going to do it because I'm silly like
that but also I think it's the right
idea even if we can't get the book right
huh
rest assured I would like to get the
book but even if we can't get the book
in the library that is we'll just tackle
it like this and I feel relatively like
we're doing the right thing I'm not a
big fan of Book of Shadows necessarily
but at the time that it showed up we
didn't have any real rules that we could
draw from so it is what it is basically
this floor is all about picking up some
keys
we have 4.20 damage no jokes please
that's the devil's number and we're
desperately searching
well for a lot of things basically for
every stat it's not to suggest that
we're in a bad spot right now just a
spot that could certainly be better
we've got we've got decent stats and
everything except for our HP which is
admittedly kind of bad but also
self-inflicted in effect that was a bit
of a whip there I placed a bomb III hit
left control with my pinky finger by
accident I have no control over that
figure that finger just does whatever it
wants to do that was risky might want to
slow your roll a little bit on the
orbital damage here he says while doing
exclusively orbital damage the orbital
just screwed me lately
or the orbitals have provided a means
with which I can screw myself which is
almost worse because it's self-inflicted
like we've been taking so much damage
from predominantly using our orbitals to
attack enemies we got a smart enough
mind you it worked out really well right
there we're just going to be cautious is
not the right word but we're going to be
not that aggressive about our orbital
use here and it worked out fairly nicely
actually the good damage booster coming
after it and then a Krampus fight say
what you will we've drawn some short
straws at the start of this run now
we've got an angel room precedent it
could be good we're low on HP of my own
creation admittedly because of the
Lazarus respawn which was in hindsight a
little dicey but I like getting those
stat bonuses it's like being even not
getting horrible on you know you can get
Whore of Babylon it's sitting right
there behind the glass of your memory
new camera now we got to be careful here
because any of these champions will kill
us in one hit and any enemy that is
close in to a bomb is they have the
potential to kill us in one hit as well
bombs would be really nice instead we
get spoon vendor which is also quite
good
we gotta at least try here we've been
very light on consumables unfortunately
the the last play by the way losing that
bomb was huge like accidentally pressing
that left ctrl key which nobody even
remembers is actually an alternate bomb
placement key has screwed us out of
getting tinted rocks that would make our
life much more acceptable right now much
more survivable but it is what it is
we'll head down on the next floor
largely feeling like we've gotten a
pretty good draw in terms of items that
improve ourselves offensively but
defensively is a different story all
together but I have faced a couple of HP
upgrades and works you know in the money
come on my Hani what's your favorite
song from the 1910s that one's up there
there's also a yanking too little came
to town doo da doo da everybody that's
that's a different song Yankee Doodle
came to town and riding on it
donkey sucka feather in his heaven
childish mad to smack a wrong key I got
a word pitch mixed up somewhere that was
honestly BAE born in the wrong
generation extra bombs
you never see that awesome well I
shouldn't say that because I've never
looked it up but I wonder if you ever
see that like if you google or if you
youtube any piece of music from like the
last 50 years
inevitably there's people in the
comments that go oh I wish they made
music like this but now my friends these
days are just listening to Justin Bieber
I'm so much more enlightened than them
does that exist for camptown races like
a huge YouTube camptown races sing that
song dooda dooda camptown races 5 miles
long all the live long day people like I
wish I was born in that era music has
never been the same sense now it's all
about high-definition recordings back
then it was just about the joy of going
to the capital races
[Music]
honestly brings a tear to my eye every
time I hear camptown races dude this is
big blood bag and goat head in quick
succession here so forgotten era dude to
some extent like you know I guarantee
even go back and you know if you watch
classical music on YouTube or you know
listen to classical music on YouTube
read the comments there's going to be
people who are like I wish classical
music is still popular I understand that
you know classical music is very much
it's lost a lot of its popularity since
you know the 14th century at least
different that's my perspective on it at
least it's not really my bag kate loves
though but i guarantee those people in
those comments that are like I wish I
was an aristocrat in Bavaria in the 19th
century I could have been the haydn's
patron actually hiding of spending most
of his working life in Ireland weirdly
enough working on the Messiah of course
anyway HP buy a magic mush and a
contract from below we're in a great
spot now uh but if you go back to you
know your ears hang low do they wobble
to and fro can you time in it I can't
hit that now Jesus of Mariah Carey
okay knew those wrote the movie is
really a good addition
I don't know why I found that so
enjoyable I wonder where that stops I
wonder what area you can go back to and
they no longer have comments saying I
was born in the wrong generation I know
one thing for certain and that's that
it's not going to stop anytime soon cuz
again you got people posting comments on
simple plan music videos going I wish I
was born in the year 1989 so I could
have experienced this nice tune simple
plan really I mean I'm not sure again
I'm not trying to insult the simple plan
I never used simple plan as a punching
bag until I saw that comment and I went
to myself sample plan really is a band
that inspires this much passion in this
young individual
your stack otherwise you're entitled to
like what you like where it steps into
you know really territories when you go
I wish I was born in a different era
area right now I had to write the first
time I was I wish I was born in a
different era so I could have
experienced simple plan live when they
were famous look that's too far there's
like eight bands like in human history
or artists that I'll give you that for
you know the Beatles Beethoven
sharing Louis and Bram Rafi you know
we're lucky to live in the same era as
many of them oh I wish I could give up
my smart phone to see simple plan's
saying I'm just a kid in life as a
nightmare live to see Hoobastank perform
the reason at Edgefest Oh for you know
what you'd be singing after you actually
got back in time to see that I made my
mistakes and that goes on and then fade
nothing get the idea yeah you know what
we haven't had dr. fetus yet
why not our shot speed is too high
that's why not
we do have homing bombs as well because
of the synergistic effects here so the
homing bombs will slightly make up for
the fact that we're shooting too darn
fast right now and our shots are going
to be tough to hit enemies with
sometimes sometimes they seem to be
working out okay guys creating too many
flies all you wouldn't they already did
sweeps um we still can't blow up angel
statues huh so forth at all what's up
that all right we should have an easy
easy easy win right now good damage our
bombs are too fast but at least they
also home which mitigates the fact that
otherwise they're not going to like ever
hit if we had to fire them naturally
polydactyly basically does not matter so
we should on this run it's probably a
better than average eyes or Lazarus run
so we should probably try to like
absolutely maximize everything that we
can do on this run if we could do boss
rush hush could we just call it boss
hush rush you know combine them into one
if we can do hush rush on this run dude
that's never going to catch on stop
trying to make hush rush Avenue I'm
never going to happen I wish I was born
in 1991 so I could have experienced Mean
Girls at the time of it I mean it was
I'll be honest with you as someone who
was 16 when Mean Girls came out and was
a snob we have goat heads so I could
cares here I expected Mean Girls to be
really bad and when it came out and it
was surprisingly clever and acerbic and
you know relatable I was pleasantly
surprised we actually watched Mean Girls
in my psychology class and it wasn't
like that much of us we're gonna go back
for it but I should have not walked out
it was not a stretch like in ninth grade
geography we watched Dumb and Dumber
volcano no wait
we watched Dumb and Dumber Dante's Peak
and Pearl Harbor that was the stretch to
watch Mean Girls in psychology class was
just you know sort of fun we also
watched the matrix in philosophy class
along with I Heart Huckabees
and I got to say I actually like I Heart
Huckabees is a movie again I was loose
knob when I was 16 and I think I love
Jason Schwartzman he seems like such an
affable young fellow if I ever saw a
video of Jason Schwartzman being a jerk
I don't know if I could handle it it
would shatter my world view of him being
like the most congenial you know actor
in Hollywood anyway the point is
do you ever want to experience hell
watch I Heart Huckabees with a class
full of fifteen-year-old alright
pantygram it's good stuff
Browns they're good dogs drunk grab
little brimstone and pentagram work love
in life we got a lust for life like Iggy
Pop and/or the BAM jet who ripped off
Iggy Pop's lust for life for their song
are you going to be my girl how long am
I going to hold a grudge for I don't
know you know again the whole snobby
thing okay well we'll take book of sin I
think it's a better item to begin with
and then we'll throw in some rerolls
here which we definitely do not have to
use our bombs for but did nonetheless
we're way ahead I was actually so far
ahead of schedule I tricked myself into
thinking I was behind schedule how does
that work out for you
did we come down here with five cents I
don't believe so an arcade to be nice I
would throw a spear at how to add an
arcade to get more money to donate more
because we're in a good-enough petition
right now that that would be completely
fine I shouldn't have taken little
brimstone I'm a sucker for any media
property that has a little limits name
I'm trying to think of any example
literally to fill my point right now
what I was going to do is say at the end
of it the way I was going to tie it
together is suggest like first I'd
suggest a movie called like you know you
know little something and then I'd be
like yeah LittleBigPlanet Oh big fan you
know a little people big world best TV
show ever made boss baby no boss baby is
different baby does not always mean
little have you not seen a Honey I
Shrunk the Kids there's big babies in
that movie alright pull your head out of
your Rick Moranis before you step to me
with a comment like that boss baby yeah
okay
if Spaceballs - maybe Schwartz be with
you this was okay let's go
that was a creepy laugh we already found
our second secret room you silly we
might actually have been better off
going to our shop on this floor but I
don't know we'll save our chance up to
possibly get an arcade in the future
here we go problem solved I'm going to
give up a few spirit arts here I think
we're fine we got gimpy you know Gibby
could give us hearts now or give us
hearts later we got blood bag out of it
which i think is worth it we don't need
the speed but you know there's a little
extra speed to go along with it and we
don't have our Polaroid yet so it really
does not matter if we if we don't have
permanent Polaroid invincibility
conditions Matt we've had to unlearn a
little bit of our previous Isaak acumen
is there as it's an honest question oh I
have toilet paper right so the orbital
does not orbit which is actually okay
basically means we have a really small
guardian spirit which i think is an
interesting mechanic if not necessarily
good is there well I know there will be
for most people is there an actor or
actress in Hollywood for whom as soon as
you see that they're involved with the
production you just will not go see it
or you would have to like move heaven
and earth to get you see it and it'd be
honestly man I'm going to start by
villainizing my own family my dad has
this for Meryl Streep not for political
reasons you know this is well before the
modern political climate like said he
for whatever reason I don't think he
hates Meryl Streep as a person I think
he just hates the roles that she chooses
and she's been in such amazing movies
that he's really depriving himself
that's being like you know I'm not gonna
watch any movie that Tilda Swinton's in
or kids actually you know it's a much
better example it's Cate Blanchett
because she also has roles and movies
that are not necessarily you know the
kinds of things that a dad is going to
want to go see in every situation but
you know a little jasmine for example
but you know also rolls in a lot of
nothing the movies are bad just a
different sort of value proposition also
lots of really accessible movies like
you know the Lord of the Rings series
for example have you heard of it
pretty big one Jack Peterson wrote it
directed j.r.r tolkien was the lead
Hobbit is a great movie I wish they made
more 250 now we're going to 49 just
kidding we're gonna hurt ourselves a
once for no reason and then get it to 50
come on you got to give me something
next nothing from nothing leaves nothing
ok um still gonna no we've already been
to our item room that's right we got
lucky foot which is great with gimpy
actually so I'm not sweating it I'm
trying to think of who it is for me I've
got one that I think is obvious if
you've watched a lot of my content
Johnny Depp and I'm not I grew up in an
era where for a movie to have Johnny
Depp in it was actually like amazing and
this era only ended recently but you
know What's Eating Gilbert Grape
Edie would you know examples like this
with numerous back in the day so when we
saw I'll take it and maybe I shouldn't
I'm going to take it anyway what a whiff
um when I saw a Pirates of the Caribbean
I was like Johnny Depp is crushing it in
this movie they're all pretty bad here
but we got to try um
and then he just kept making more parts
of the Caribbean movies and he was like
you know he became like too too fresh
you know Willy Wonka's chocolate factory
beloved original Johnny Depp's portrayal
of Willy Wonka everyone goes a little
closer to the books sure but it's just
strange and that's that's fine you got
like too weird for we've got mainstream
weird
let's see all dude Alice in Wonderland
when Johnny Depp became like always a
strange guy in all of your movies young
no Benicio del Toro plays the strange
guy in all the movies you're just like a
weird uncle now I'm not trying to insult
him in say I know he's been going
through a rough time although not
doesn't necessarily have the best
reputation as well I've never met him
and I'm not going to judge him on a
personal level without having met him
for what our swipes that I've received
is minor towards myself at the very
least later I'm just protecting my own
but because yeah apparently you know you
leave sort of a jerk but you know so you
can't judge a war criminal unless you've
met them I'm just saying they're on
different Meg okay I if I met him
personally I would give him a chance of
redemption to rebuke the allegations
against him I suppose I need more severe
attacks here I'm getting a little okay
but you I don't think could pay me to go
see a Johnny Depp movie now it would
have to I would have to hear that it's
one of the best movies ever made
probably to be excited to go see it try
to think there's other examples people
always they go with like Tom Cruise I'm
like the opposite I would see a bad Tom
Cruise movie and still I like I haven't
seen The Mummy but I'm even though that
like at seven percent on Rotten Tomatoes
I think I would go see The Mummy and be
like ah you know it's okay
like I don't expect it to be a
masterwork I guess but and I respect
that it's bad but I find Tom Cruise a
very likable actor we've seen those I
wish they'd stop changing the title have
you seen edge of tomorrow it's fantastic
he's graded he's actually not very
likable in that movie yeah yeah that's
the point of the start ability is that's
a great film
I even like Vanilla Sky largely as a
result of Tom Cruise just coming
unhinged despite the fact that that
movie is extremely pretentious you
should watch the Spanish original I have
seen a Spanish orig original abre los
ojos remember I was a snob okay of
course the speeds they've seen the
Spanish
try to think of who else
they're definitely actors for whom I'm
like much more likely to enjoy a movie
Peter Stormare Benicio del Toro as
mentioned Steve Buscemi of course
William H Macy oh dude
I'll see anything that William H Macy
same except shameless because shameless
is too long I don't have that kind of
tie here the show is amazing I just you
know I got Game of Thrones and that's I
got Game of Thrones and trying to
memorize all the algorithms in the C++
11 FTL and what kind of iterator
argument to take that's my life outside
of the goal twitch and you can spear
right now okay I don't have room for
shameless until they get dragons now
I'll consider it I think it's pop air
third you know it's it's finished at the
theatrical run you know it okay ah dude
let me out of here
thanks for the spirit heart I knew you
were going to pay out there eventually
I'm trying to think on the accuracy side
okay I was gonna say Cameron Diaz but
she does have the mask and she does have
this Something About Mary but to see a
Cameron Diaz movie in 2016 I'd have to
think about that long and hard I think
of the film don't be gross
I think a common answer is gonna be like
Will Ferrell Ben Stiller Dan gays Lee
hates Ben Stiller I have no ideas what
Ben Stiller has done to deserve that
level of hate he said this on camera I'm
not I'm not blowing up his spot or
anything he said what his be say about
Ben Stiller he's like so we heard
referred to in the business that was
like a POS or something like that means
wait wait wait I got the sound board you
know a piece of he's done it for Aaron
sob it's one of the two I can't recall
pretty much means the same thing
oh dude Tyler Perry yeah well like if
Tyler Perry writes and directs a movie
let's be honest it's not meant for me I
see the buyers in there now this is a
really solid run because the homing
tiers are even I mean first up the
homing peers are great with tech X but
then they're also like the bomb targets
something and then if the homing peers
on the laser kill it the bomb can
reposition itself to hit another target
which is awesome anyway Tyler Perry all
admit was awesome in gone girl he played
a great role in gone girl another great
movement yeah dude hook me up where you
were so stacked on this run this is like
a an actual 10 out of 10 run especially
getting tech ex out of our out of our
boss rush things did look scary for a
little bit there in the middle I think
that's it for me I don't hold drugs in
it and it's not like I've ever met these
people I was going to say I don't hold
grudges against them i Adam Sandler is
another one and I got to say I'm not
trying to stir the pot and I don't think
this is even particularly controversial
I've seen Ted twice I haven't seen Ted -
I watched Ted on an airplane and I was
like I don't like this at all and then
the other day why is probably three
months ago it was on TV when I was
working in the background that kind of
caught little bits and pieces of it and
I was like I still don't like this old
me was right and then I saw like the
opening 40 minutes of 6 million ways to
die in the West Charlize Theron what are
you doing in that movie you have an
Oscar and not even like a Halle Berry
Oscar where you just kind of like
disappeared after that you did Catwoman
you know etc etc you've been in like
great works recently young adults I mean
say what you will about it but for me
thisis a high prestige film at least at
the time of its release
The Fast and Furious movie I mean I get
it
that's money why a car you in of all
things Seth MacFarlane's six million
ways to die in the West like that's you
must be a nice guy or like a good dude
because you got a lot of people to be in
that movie that have no bit lacking in
that movie Liam Neeson is in that movie
I understand Liam Neeson doesn't have
the best track record with films
recently and you're going to say like
yeah since taken and I'm like nah
including taken but still he's a
cultural icon and - Liam Neeson just be
like playing a role in that movie makes
no sense either way so I think yeah like
Seth MacFarlane if I'm ever going to go
see another Seth MacFarlane movie he's
got to have like his Punch Drunk Love
moment and then sustain it unlike some
people like the you know lead actor and
punch-drunk love
I don't blame Adam Sandler though you
know I I think it is it's as a consumer
I like to consume media that makes me
feel good and Adam Sandler's movies
mostly just make me roll my eyes but
he's got a lot of fans that are really
into him and they it's been made like we
don't you don't quite have the Guffey's
dream do we I think we should just go
you know what we should actually kill
void on this one because we can a lot of
it's been a lot of discover what has
been mated like you know oh these movies
always turned a profit so he just goes
and you know F's off to Hawaii for a
month and then makes a movie with like
someone that's way out of his league at
least in conceptually and then you know
they come back and he pays his friends
far too much and the movie makes money
and everybody's happy you know except
for the reviewers who are you know they
just go is movies that me
you but as much as that seems like like
he's given up on his art dude that's
like an absolute actual dream job if I
was a an actor or a filmmaker on that
level I don't know if I would do
anything different he's like you know
you're telling me I can get paid like 20
million dollars to make its like YouTube
you know I can get paid 20 million
dollars and pay my friends like you know
seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars
each to be in the movie that we
ourselves wrote and then you're going to
keep giving me money because people like
to watch it it's like a dream come true
I have no ink his position as kind of
like a critical punching bag is very
well-deserved however you can't deny
that it seems like you've got his head
screwed on straight from like a you know
getting the job done standpoint
I don't really want that right also I'm
not I do want that because I'm not
leaving the floor I'm not coming too bad
for Adam Sandler necessarily as an
artist I'm coming too bad for Adam
Sandler as as someone who sort of works
in the entertainment industry he's found
a niche and Eve's he's got an audience
that likes it and he gets he's taking
people with him on the way up if I could
never see Rob Schneider or David Spade's
face again
and has pretty much had the rules of
which I've been live in my life I'd be
happier but I'm not going to begrudge
him you know I'm I'm happy that he's
found something that he can pursue that
works out well for him sort of I mean
I'm not happy I'm liking different but
I'm not against it it's what I'm trying
to say you know another actor I will
watch almost anything that they've ever
been in or that they are in Willem Dafoe
ten out of ten I don't like the Boondock
Saints very much all admit however I do
like Willem Dafoe a lot he's especially
in Norman Osborn when Ann Mei goes
Norman Osborn she might say Harry Osborn
I can't remember it's when Harry's being
casually sexist it's been a while since
I've seen spider-man one maybe you
should redeem that and become vindicated
that's a reference to spider-man two
actually NL hmm sorry that movie really
duck your uh to poop not a good joke oh
we could add the gobby dream
if they can't trying to get in our
pillow tomo what's the problem buddy
come all have you come to witness my
attendance no mom all right now we find
out if this cat is here to get petted or
here to sleep he hasn't gotten in the
sleeping box yet but he has the me out
for pets what are you gonna do here Toma
what's your game plan I'm going to put a
one and a half to one favorite odds on
petting but I have more information than
you do right now
I can also tip things in my favorite
home oh no meows he doesn't want the
Pens yeah you're just looking for a
quiet place to sleep everybody who had
sleep that pays out
congratulations largely not very
relevant right now yeah I'm heading them
and he's like just leave me alone I want
to sleep that's no way to talk to your
father this should be your first
delirium Killa of this safe file and I
mean it was like very easy it's not done
yet so we shouldn't count our chickens
but considering the advantages that we
have right now it ended up being pretty
easy if it finishes the way it looks
like it will finish right now mind you I
would like to find the boss room sooner
there rather than later and also we have
not picked up anything useful in like
all of these rooms and I just personally
unknown is the most troll of all the of
all the cursus here there's like it
doesn't even impact me that much it just
annoys me curse of the blind curse of
the unknown at least well thank you
at least there's a chance that and I
mean I say this is if I'm like a glutton
for punishment but at least they have an
impact on the game in the sense that
like they can make it a lot harder for
you to succeed meaningfully harder and
all curse of the loss does make you walk
around these rooms we've already been to
before I guess there are some ways that
can hurt you like you could end up
walking on spikes or something but you
know we're getting in a little bit of
you know come on territory I think we
got to do the void is every single
character in the game still it's going
to take us like some time but you know
the more the merrier looks like we got
one basically done here while talking
about Adam Sandler my favorite
discussion topic I'm sorry by the way if
you like Johnny Depp I know some people
there's still Johnny Depp fans and
there's nothing wrong with that you know
don't let me discourage you from going
to see the newest
the Caribbeans on my media religion is
just watch whatever you want and if
somebody's being a snob about it just go
hey you're being kind of a jerk right
now remind them that it's more important
to be a conscientious human being than
it is to like the right kind of media oh
we found a new area however it's not for
me it's like making another Kane and
Lynch game you know it's like there's an
audience maybe what is this angelic
prism eclipsed by the moon was now your
glimpsed by the moon the light hits the
gloom on useless these bombs have
different effects sword is look cool
okay my bomb on the grain whoa okay we
got a land we got to shoot more because
we're getting damaged out of tech eggs
oh we actually have to we just hold it
and then we don't put one on with that
gags you see my concern why am i why do
i no longer have tech exons I do they're
just not circles anymore baby so much as
they'll continue so much if you say is
the king of all bombs but map damage is
same baby tell me you're like a post-it
note of accomplishment I got again won't
you tell me am i happy baby please just
say Delirium you stand no chance resign
and then we can go grab some lunch
before around to stars
sounds like I was talking about
intercourse but I was really referring
to competitive chess happens all the
time
so somehow this is ruin textbook or it's
it's made tech ex look ruined even if
it's not that's fine we're going to get
the job done here anyway we started
taking like half damage
I would you know what we have the
camping drink is better than cancer item
that's what's doing it I'm begging you
finish this off we have no chance of
death just land some shots we have a
mild chance of death all right Oh plus
we're looking really cool hey thanks for
watching hope you guys enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
helps that a great deal of course
subscribe you want to see more in the
future we'll see what we unlocked here
oh we should have obviously we got
compound fracture delirious still pretty
good we should have watched the ending
as well it's been like three months
there six months at the CN n anyways
thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed the episode if you did click the
like button
how's that a great deal of course
subscribe do not see more in future but
for now thanks for watching and I will
see you next time